{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang1033\plain\margl1440\margr1440\fs22\fet1{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Arial;}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1\ql{{\fs33 Reference list}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Asheim, G.B., F\uc0\u230 hn, T., Nyborg, K., Greaker, M., Hagem, C., Harstad, B., Hoel, M.O., Lund, D. and Rosendahl, K.E. (2019). The case for a supply-side climate treaty. {\i Science}, [online] 365(6451), pp.325\uc0\u8211 327. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1126/science.aax5011"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1126/science.aax5011}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Australian Bureau of Statistics (2024). {\i Average Weekly Earnings, Australia, May 2024}. [online] Australian Bureau of Statistics. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.abs.gov.au/statistics/labour/earnings-and-working-conditions/average-weekly-earnings-australia/latest-release"}}{\fldrslt https://www.abs.gov.au/statistics/labour/earnings-and-working-conditions/average-weekly-earnings-australia/latest-release}} [Accessed 7 Sep. 2024].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Australian Taxation Office (2023). {\i Tax rates 2023\uc0\u8211 24}. [online] ato.gov.au. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ato.gov.au/tax-rates-and-codes/company-tax-rates/tax-rates-2023-24"}}{\fldrslt https://www.ato.gov.au/tax-rates-and-codes/company-tax-rates/tax-rates-2023-24}} [Accessed 8 Sep. 2024].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Bohm, P. (1993). Incomplete International Cooperation to Reduce CO2 Emissions: Alternative Policies. {\i Journal of Environmental Economics and Management}, [online] 24(3), pp.258\uc0\u8211 271. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1006/jeem.1993.1017"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1006/jeem.1993.1017}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 BPS-Statistics Indonesia (2024). {\i Average of Net Wage/Salary per Month (rupiahs) of Employee by Age Group and Main Industry, 2024}. [online] bps.go.id. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bps.go.id/en/statistics-table/1/MjI0OSMx/average-of-net-wage-salary-per-month--rupiahs--of-employee-by-age-group-and--main-industry--2024.html"}}{\fldrslt https://www.bps.go.id/en/statistics-table/1/MjI0OSMx/average-of-net-wage-salary-per-month--rupiahs--of-employee-by-age-group-and--main-industry--2024.html}} [Accessed 7 Sep. 2024].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Christina, B. (2022). {\i Indonesia raises coal royalty rate to range of 14% to 28%}. [online] Reuters. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.reuters.com/article/business/energy/indonesia-raises-coal-royalty-rate-to-range-of-14-to-28-idUSL2N2WG03W/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.reuters.com/article/business/energy/indonesia-raises-coal-royalty-rate-to-range-of-14-to-28-idUSL2N2WG03W/}} [Accessed 8 Sep. 2024].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Coase, R.H. (2013). The Problem of Social Cost. {\i The Journal of Law and Economics}, [online] 56(4), pp.837\uc0\u8211 877. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1086/674872"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1086/674872}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Collier, P. and Venables, A.J. (2014). Closing coal: economic and moral incentives. {\i Oxford Review of Economic Policy}, [online] 30(3), pp.492\uc0\u8211 512. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1093/oxrep/gru024"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1093/oxrep/gru024}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Dittrich, R., Ball, T., Wreford, A., Moran, D. and Spray, C.J. (2018). A cost-benefit analysis of afforestation as a climate change adaptation measure to reduce flood risk. {\i Journal of Flood Risk Management}, 12(4). doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1111/jfr3.12482"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1111/jfr3.12482}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Dolfin, S. and Schochet, P.Z. (2012). {\i The Benefits and Costs of the Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) Program Under the 2002 Amendments}. [online] {\i U.S. Department of Labor}. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ETA/publications/ETAOP_2013_09.pdf"}}{\fldrslt https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ETA/publications/ETAOP_2013_09.pdf}} [Accessed 12 Aug. 2024].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Economic Affairs Committee (2015). {\i The Economics of High Speed 2}. [online] {\i UK Parliament}. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld201415/ldselect/ldeconaf/134/134.pdf"}}{\fldrslt https://publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld201415/ldselect/ldeconaf/134/134.pdf}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Epstein, P.R., Buonocore, J.J., Eckerle, K., Hendryx, M., Stout, B.M., Heinberg, R., Clapp, R.W., May, B., Reinhart, N.L., Ahern, M.M., Doshi, S.K. and Glustrom, L. (2011). Full cost accounting for the life cycle of coal. {\i Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences}, [online] 1219(1), pp.73\uc0\u8211 98. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1749-6632.2010.05890.x"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1749-6632.2010.05890.x}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Geoscience Australia (2024). {\i  Australia\uc0\u8217 s Identified Mineral Resources 2023}. [online] Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ecat.ga.gov.au/geonetwork/srv/eng/catalog.search#/metadata/149056"}}{\fldrslt https://ecat.ga.gov.au/geonetwork/srv/eng/catalog.search#/metadata/149056}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Global Energy Monitor (2024). {\i Global Coal Mine Tracker}. [online] Global Energy Monitor. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://globalenergymonitor.org/projects/global-coal-mine-tracker/"}}{\fldrslt https://globalenergymonitor.org/projects/global-coal-mine-tracker/}} [Accessed 7 Sep. 2024].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Harford, J.D. (2006). Congestion, pollution, and benefit-to-cost ratios of US public transit systems. {\i Transportation Research Part D: Transport and Environment}, [online] 11(1), pp.45\uc0\u8211 58. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.trd.2005.09.001"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1016/j.trd.2005.09.001}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Harstad, B. (2012). Buy Coal! A Case for Supply-Side Environmental Policy. {\i Journal of Political Economy}, [online] 120(1), pp.77\uc0\u8211 115. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1086/665405"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1086/665405}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Hendryx, M., Zullig, K.J. and Luo, J. (2020). Impacts of Coal Use on Health. {\i Annual Review of Public Health}, [online] 41(1), pp.397\uc0\u8211 415. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1146/annurev-publhealth-040119-094104"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1146/annurev-publhealth-040119-094104}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Hoel, M. (1994). Efficient Climate Policy in the Presence of Free Riders. {\i Journal of Environmental Economics and Management}, [online] 27(3), pp.259\uc0\u8211 274. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1006/jeem.1994.1038"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1006/jeem.1994.1038}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 IEA (2023a). {\i Coal 2023}. [online] IEA. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.iea.org/reports/coal-2023"}}{\fldrslt https://www.iea.org/reports/coal-2023}} [Accessed 13 Jul. 2024].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 IEA (2023b). {\i Global coal demand expected to decline in coming years}. [online] IEA. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.iea.org/news/global-coal-demand-expected-to-decline-in-coming-years"}}{\fldrslt https://www.iea.org/news/global-coal-demand-expected-to-decline-in-coming-years}} [Accessed 24 Jul. 2024].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 International Joint Commission (1991). {\i Canada-United States Air Quality Agreement}. [online] International Joint Commission. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ijc.org/en/mission/air-quality-agreement"}}{\fldrslt https://ijc.org/en/mission/air-quality-agreement}} [Accessed 12 Sep. 2024].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Leonard, B., Regan, S., Costello, C., Kerr, S., Parker, D.P., Plantinga, A.J., Salzman, J., Kerry, S.V. and Stoellinger, T. (2021). Allow \uc0\u8216 nonuse rights\uc0\u8217  to conserve natural resources. {\i Science}, [online] 373(6558), pp.958\uc0\u8211 961. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1126/science.abi4573"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1126/science.abi4573}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 L\uc0\u243 pez Segu\uc0\u237 , F., Estrada Cuxart, O., Mitj\uc0\u224  i Villar, O., Hern\uc0\u225 ndez Guillamet, G., Prat Gil, N., Maria Bonet, J., Isnard Blanchar, M., Moreno Millan, N., Blanco, I., Vilar Capella, M., Catal\uc0\u224  Sabat\uc0\u233 , M., Aran Sol\uc0\u233 , A., Argimon Pall\uc0\u224 s, J.M., Clotet, B. and Ara del Rey, J. (2021). A Cost-Benefit Analysis of the COVID-19 Asymptomatic Mass Testing Strategy in the North Metropolitan Area of Barcelona. {\i International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health}, [online] 18(13), pp.7028\uc0\u8211 7028. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.3390/ijerph18137028"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.3390/ijerph18137028}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 L\uc0\u243 pez, F., Catal\uc0\u224 , M., Prats, C., Estrada, O., Oliva, I., Prat, N., Isnard, M., Vall\uc0\u232 s, R., Vilar, M., Clotet, B., Maria Argimon, J., Aran, A. and Ara, J. (2021). A Cost\uc0\u8211 Benefit Analysis of COVID-19 Vaccination in Catalonia. {\i Vaccines}, [online] 10(1), pp.59\uc0\u8211 59. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.3390/vaccines10010059"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.3390/vaccines10010059}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Mandras, G. and Salotti, S. (2021). {\i Indirect jobs in activities related to coal, peat and oil shale: A RHOMOLO-IO analysis on the EU regions}. [online] {\i Joint Research Centre}. Joint Research Centre. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://joint-research-centre.ec.europa.eu/system/files/2022-01/jrc127463.pdf"}}{\fldrslt https://joint-research-centre.ec.europa.eu/system/files/2022-01/jrc127463.pdf}} [Accessed 7 Sep. 2024].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Markandya, A., Sampedro, J., Smith, S.J., Van Dingenen, R., Pizarro-Irizar, C., Arto, I. and Gonz\uc0\u225 lez-Eguino, M. (2018). Health co-benefits from air pollution and mitigation costs of the Paris Agreement: a modelling study. {\i The Lancet Planetary Health}, [online] 2(3), pp.e126\uc0\u8211 e133. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/s2542-5196(18)30029-9"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1016/s2542-5196(18)30029-9}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Multi-Hazard Mitigation Council (2019). {\i Natural Hazard Mitigation Saves: 2019 Report}. [online] National Institute of Building Sciences. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nibs.org/projects/natural-hazard-mitigation-saves-2019-report"}}{\fldrslt https://www.nibs.org/projects/natural-hazard-mitigation-saves-2019-report}} [Accessed 11 Sep. 2024].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Nketiah-Amponsah, E., Silal, S., Awine, T. and Wong, B. (2020). {\i Cost Benefit Analysis of Selected Malaria Interventions in Ghana}. [online] {\i Copenhagen Consensus Center}. Ghana Priorities, Copenhagen Consensus Center. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://copenhagenconsensus.com/sites/default/files/gp_malaria_-_final.pdf"}}{\fldrslt https://copenhagenconsensus.com/sites/default/files/gp_malaria_-_final.pdf}} [Accessed 11 Sep. 2024].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 PricewaterhouseCoopers (2023). {\i Mining Taxes Summary Tool}. [online] PwC. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/industries/energy-utilities-resources/mining-metals/mining-taxes-summary-tool.html"}}{\fldrslt https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/industries/energy-utilities-resources/mining-metals/mining-taxes-summary-tool.html}} [Accessed 31 Jul. 2024].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Queensland Revenue Office. (2024). {\i Mineral royalty rates - Queensland Revenue Office}. [online] Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://qro.qld.gov.au/royalty/calculate-mineral/rates/"}}{\fldrslt https://qro.qld.gov.au/royalty/calculate-mineral/rates/}} [Accessed 4 Aug. 2024].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Ritchie, H. (2020). {\i What Are the Safest and Cleanest Sources of energy?} [online] Our World in Data. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ourworldindata.org/safest-sources-of-energy"}}{\fldrslt https://ourworldindata.org/safest-sources-of-energy}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Ritchie, H., Rosado, P. and Roser, M. (2020). {\i CO{\sub 2} emissions by fuel}. [online] Our World in Data. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ourworldindata.org/emissions-by-fuel#article-citation"}}{\fldrslt https://ourworldindata.org/emissions-by-fuel#article-citation}} [Accessed 12 Sep. 2024].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (2011). {\i The Benefits and Costs of the Clean Air Act from 1990 to 2020}. [online] {\i United States Environmental Protection Agency}. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.epa.gov/sites/default/files/2015-07/documents/fullreport_rev_a.pdf"}}{\fldrslt https://www.epa.gov/sites/default/files/2015-07/documents/fullreport_rev_a.pdf}} [Accessed 11 Sep. 2024].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Watts, E., Mak, J. and Patenaude, B. (2022). Benefit-Cost Ratios of Continuing Routine Immunization During the COVID-19 Pandemic in Africa. {\i Journal of Benefit-Cost Analysis}, [online] 13(1), pp.91\uc0\u8211 106. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1017/bca.2021.13"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1017/bca.2021.13}}.\par}}
}
